Update readme (#455)
opentofu/opentofu: docs/plugin-protocol/releasing-new-version.md

# Releasing a New Version of the Protocol

OpenTofu's plugin protocol is the contract between OpenTofu's plugins and
OpenTofu, and as such releasing a new version requires some coordination
between those pieces. This document is intended to be a checklist to consult
when adding a new major version of the protocol (X in X.Y) to ensure that
everything that needs to be is aware of it.

## New Protobuf File

> The protocol is defined in protobuf files that live in the OpenTofufoundation/opentf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol is defined in protobuf files that live in the opentofu/opentofu
```
